Adjust documentation after orchestration changes (#272)
kyma-project/control-plane: docs/kyma-environment-broker/03-10-orchestration.md

type: Details
---

> Orchestration is a mechanism that allows you to upgrade Kyma Runtimes. To create an orchestration [fpllow this tutorial](#tutorials-upgrade-kyma-runtime-using-keb). After sending the request, the orchestration is processed by `KymaUpgradeManager`. It lists Shoots (Kyma Runtimes) in the Gardener cluster and filters the Runtime IDs that you have specified in the request body. Then, `KymaUpgradeManager` performs the [upgrade steps](#details-runtime-operations) logic on the Runtimes that you have specified.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Orchestration is a mechanism that allows you to upgrade Kyma Runtimes. To create an orchestration [follow this tutorial](#tutorials-upgrade-kyma-runtime-using-keb). After sending the request, the orchestration is processed by `KymaUpgradeManager`. It lists Shoots (Kyma Runtimes) in the Gardener cluster and narrows them to the IDs that you have specified in the request body. Then, `KymaUpgradeManager` performs the [upgrade steps](#details-runtime-operations) logic on the selected Runtimes.
```

> Orchestration is a mechanism that allows you to upgrade Kyma Runtimes. To create an orchestration [fpllow this tutorial](#tutorials-upgrade-kyma-runtime-using-keb). After sending the request, the orchestration is processed by `KymaUpgradeManager`. It lists Shoots (Kyma Runtimes) in the Gardener cluster and filters the Runtime IDs that you have specified in the request body. Then, `KymaUpgradeManager` performs the [upgrade steps](#details-runtime-operations) logic on the Runtimes that you have specified.

Reviewer: The links seem to be broken.

Author: it will work on our website.

If Kyma Environment Broker is restarted, it reprocesses the orchestration with the `IN PROGRESS` state. 

>**NOTE:** You need a token with the `broker-upgrade:write` authorization scope to create an orchestration, and a token with the `broker-upgrade:read` scope to fetch the orchestrations.

Orchestration API consist of the following handlers:

- `GET /orchestrations` - exposes data about all orchestrations.
- `GET /orchestrations/{orchestration_id}` - exposes data about a single orchestration status.
- `GET /orchestrations/{orchestration_id}/operations` - exposes data about operations scheduled by the orchestration with a given ID.
- `GET /orchestrations/{orchestration_id}/operations/{operation_id}` - exposes the detailed data about a single operation with a given ID.
- `POST /upgrade/kyma` - schedules the orchestration. It requires specifying a request body.

For more details about the API, check the [Swagger schema](https://app.swaggerhub.com/apis/kempski/kyma-orchestration_api/0.4).

> ### Strategies

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Strategies
```

> To change the behavior of the orchestration, you can specify a strategy in the request body.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To change the behavior of the orchestration, you can specify a **strategy** in the request body.
```

> For now, we support only the **parallel** strategy with two types of schedule:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For now, there is only one **parallel** strategy with two types of schedule:
```

> - Immediate - schedules the upgrade operations instantly

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Immediate - schedules the upgrade operations instantly.
```

> - MaintenanceWindow - schedules the upgrade operations with the maintenance time windows specified for a given Runtime

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- MaintenanceWindow - schedules the upgrade operations with the maintenance time windows specified for a given Runtime.
```
